{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\b\fs44 CAB Management System\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\ulnone\fs36 1.INTRODUCTION:\par
\fs28 1.1 Purpose:\fs36\par
\b0\fs24\ldblquote Cab Service Management System\rdblquote , is a web-based application useful for car travel agencies for handling office works. This project aims at managing overall car services by handling finance, human resource, maintenance and movement in addition to details of customers, driver, payment and cars.\par
\b\fs28 1.2 Intended Audience:\par
\b0\fs24 Developer,Testers, Project Manager, Leadership teams, Sales and Marketing\par
\b\fs28 1.3 Scope:\par
\b0\fs24 Users are able to book a cab immediatley with simple login just with mobile number and OTP. They immediately can track and access the cab facility and able to cancel the booked cabs etc. are the key features of these system.\par
\b\fs36 2. Product Description:-\par
\b0\fs24 This product should be user friendly, easy to use, convinent to users. And it should be attractive for the users to make them revisit the site and the entire details should be accessed by the admin to mange the system entirley.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs36 3. Functional Requirements:-\par
\fs28 3.1 User access system:-\b0\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj In these users are able to provide details of starting location and destintion. After that User can able to check the availability of cabs with details including vehicle details, daily rental details, outstation rental details etc. can be accessed by  the users. After that they can be able to select the cab and able to book for it. \par
After booking they can be able to track the cab if they book for daily or else  they can't able to track the cab. This system also provides option for cancellation the cab depends on a time limit and refund.\par
\b 3.1.1 Login page:\par
\b0 Contain navbar with company logo and about option for company details. Then has the field for user mobile number entering field and a button to send mobile number and to return OTP after getting OTP there is a field to enter OTP. After that contains a login button to login to the Home page.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Field to enter mobile Number and an OTP is send to that number.( should be integers and contain 10 digit)\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Button to send mobile number(constraints: only integers is possible).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}OTP entering field.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Login Button.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj After entering OTP it will redirect to Home page .\par
\b 3.1.2 Payment page:\par
\b0 This page contain field for entering payment details like UPI id, Bank details etc. From there you can make a payment method for default. For booking the cab they take 20% of amount will be deducted from their account and balance can be payed directly to the driver.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Payment method selecting field (UPI).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}UPI entering field.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}UPI id pin entering field\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Submit button.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj After clicking the submit button redirect to home page\par
\b 3.1.3 Home page \b0 :\par
Home page contain an attractive design, color combinations and user friendly to make sure that the users should stay in the page. And the page conatins fields for entering the starting and ending locations of cab and need a search button redirecting to cab-booking page\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22 Starting location  entering field.( location permission)\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Destination location entering field.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Search button.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}This page also have button that redirect to Details page.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}This page also have a button that leads to payment page for setting payment details.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 After clicking the submit button this page will redirect to Cab-Booking page\par
\b 3.1.4 Cab-Booking page \b0 :\par
Cab-booking page also need colorful design and user friendly and should have the details of available cabs, price details, time and date details. And able to select the necessary cab and then redirect to details page\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Provides the details of available cabs.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Different types of vehicles.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Price details.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Then user need to provide time and date.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 From these page it will redirect to Details page\par
\b 3.1.5 Details page\b0 :\par
This page contains the map details of each cab booking. This page help the users to track the location of the cab and  also have the estimated time of arrival(ETA). This page should be flexible to attach map details. And this page also provide option to cancel the existing cab bookings. And this page also provide option for reporting the cab and to providing feed back.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Contains map details.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Contains ETA for each cabs.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Cab payment information.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Cab cancel option.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Report and feedback option.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Cab tracking facility.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 3.2 Admin access system\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 3.2.1 Login page:\par
\b0 Contain navbar with company logo and about option for company details. Then has the field for entering user name and password. After that contains a login button to login to the admin page.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Field to user name and password.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Login Button.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj After verifing the user name and password, it will redirect to admin page .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b 3.2.2 Admin page:\par
\b0 Admin can able to see the details of no: of users and their details and also able to see the no:of cabs and thier details too. Here admin can monitor the overall performance of the app and also able to see the profit level of the app and user experince and feedbacks and reports by the users. Based on the reports and feed back admin can delete cabs or able to ban the cabs for sometimes\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Space for no:of users and no:  of cabs.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Also have the a graph space for showing the profit level.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 FeedBack receiving  and report receiving tab.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Delete button and Ban button for cabs.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0  \b\par
\fs28 3.3 Driver access system\par
\fs24 3.3.1 Driver login:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0 This page contain an attractive design and input fields to enter the user name and password for the drivers. After entering the user name and password the click login button to sign in. If they doesn't have an account then they need to click sign up option they will redirect to registration page.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Input field for entering user name and password.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Forgot password option.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 login button.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Sign up option.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 If clicking login button they will redirect to Driver-Home page.\par
If clicking sign up button they will redirect to registration page.\par
\b 3.3.2 Driver-Registration page:\par
\b0 This page is for register the details of cab and drivers and their contacting details. This page also check about the verification of details that enter by the user. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Field for entering name and phone.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Field for providing Driving license.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Field for entering vehicle number.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Vehicle type details entering field.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Submit button for registeration.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 After clicking submit button it redirect to login page.\par
\b 3.3.3 Driver-Home page:\par
\b0 This page contain the details of user booking to the the cab, i.e the notification from user to driver which the driver can able to accept or decline. Also provide space for showing the nearest cab details. Cab availability management setting.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Space for showing other cab details.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Notification receiving space with accept and decline button.\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Cab availability changing button.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b0\fs22\par
\par
}
 